Everybody.
Today
Pho Dien Nien offended the daughter of the richest family
The coming day will certainly bring great disaster to Long Xuyen.
It will definitely get you guys involved too.
Why not win the year on the sidelines now?
Surrender payment in advance for leniency
General Director Luc is right.
Won the year on the sidelines to overthrow the family deputy
Overthrew the deputy family
Listen to this little guy
But I knew I should let Red go.
Don't be afraid.
Don't be afraid, don't be afraid.
Say it.
He is one of the richest people in Long Xuyen
In the richest Dragon Kingdom in front of him, there was not even an ant.
You don't need to be afraid of him.
Take him down.
Let's go.
Even the richest man in the Dragon Nation
It is also difficult to break my hundred-year foundation in Long Xuyen.
But I'm rich
Hand
It could make your family crumble into dust.
That's right, weren't the three great families just a few minutes away?
Destroyed yet?
Take it away for what?
Thank.
Good idea for sure
What is the relationship between Lam Tham Nhi and Uncle Hai?